-- Problem 1. Explain what is meant by the stream abstraction. What is the relationship between streams and the observer pattern? What are streams useful for modeling and when might you use them in Rich Web development?

A stream is data that is created, processed and consumed incrementally. Streams are an abstract concept because they the data cannot be directly represented as it may potentially be infinite so instead the data is represented as an idea of what it should be as opposed to being referred to as a specific thing. The observer pattern consists of a subject that maintains a list of observer and notifies them of state changes. The subject refers to the stream (or "stream of events"). Streams are useful for the purpose of modelling asynchronous tasks and may be used, as explained in the observer pattern, to help manage event changes such as a user clicking a button.

-- Problem 2. Assume that you are building an interface to an API in your Rich Web App. Describe indetail how you could use the RxJS library to handle asynchronous network responses to API requests. In your opinion, what are the benefits to using a streams library for networking over, say, promises? And what do you think are the downsides?

RxJS offers a range of functionality that can serve as a solution for this. Observables can be used to efficiently manage API calls and create a stream for each HTTP request. The data from these calls can be easily retrieved using the pipe method together with the map operator. The pipe method enables you to specify a list of operators that will act on the data emitted by the Observable. The map operator is then used to modify the object emitted by the Observable before passing that object to subscribers. A benefit for using a streams library for networking as such is it allows for asynchronous work on multiple values and events. A negative for using a library as such is the learning curve with familiarisng yourself with the vast amount of operators and such that must be implemented to allow the library to function correctly.

-- Problem 3. Consider three asynchronous tasks, A,B & C. What are the consequences of these functions sharing global state? What is a good practice to alleviate any problems associated with this?

Having several asynchronous tasks share global state is a poor idea in web development. It can cause a lack of visibilty for what each task is accomplishing and can cause the tasks to get in each other's way. A common consequence of this is 'Tight Coupling' which refers to when components of a system are highly dependent on each other in order to function. The flexibility and re-usability of code in each task is affected as a result. 'Loose Coupling' is a common method to alleviate such a problem. It is the opposite of 'Tight Coupling' and means there is a level of detachment between each task. This can be accomplished in this example by not sharing a global state and instead passing any data between the tasks as paramaters in each call.